now someone asked me  despite the fact that no one's ever seen  me play video games people ask me as far  this guy asked me  as to whether i was a better gamer than  vegan games  and the answer is of course i'm a better  gamer than vegan gains  i i'm very confused right now  what am i doing  who was i talking to  what can you give me my other cokes in  the freezer please  no just give me my coke so i need my  cokes  yeah okay  would you take my bike keys  no  what if i need to get more soda the  reason why i'm a better gamer is because  i grew up in an older generation than he  did you know  back in the day back in my day  there was no ending to any of our games  there  okay  you just tried to survive for as long as  possible  the truth of the matter is richard  wouldn't last 25 minutes playing a game  of  kaboom for example  now what is kaboom  kaboom came out by activision in 1980  [ __ ] one all right 1981 the game is  quite simple  you have to fight the mad bomber  mad bomber smiles whenever  you lose a life  [Music]  and it's just ruthless the mad bomber  has no emotion he only smiles when you  lose a life  your job  he throws a shitload of bombs at you you  just gotta catch him with a goddamn  paddle just a just a line across the  bottom of the screen  and that's it  starts out slow  and then he starts tossing him like a  [ __ ]  now the longest i was able to fight the  mad  the mad bomber  still pisses me off there just thinking  about  how much time i invested it the longest  i lasted with the mad bomber was 30  minutes  okay  and that was only a couple of times  most of the time i could only get 15  minutes out i was just those 30 minutes  that i lasted  you know i i was in the groove that day  i can like i was able to deal with the  matte bomber but eventually the mad  bomber beat me as it beats everyone  because you can't beat the mad bomber  there's no tip books  there there's nothing it's a matter of  dexterity and that's the whole thing  about richard richard has  not really played any games that  requires true dexterity  kaboom was one of the most hardest games  out there  richard wouldn't last 20 minutes with  the map on  that's a topic for a video  [Music]  boys we've got to do something to help  these video game addicts  last week i have seen more and more  young men who are supposedly on  self-improvements the more i'm going to  go through this concept of inner jeffrey  outer chad  some of them like go to the gym and  everything and it's always the same  it's always the same excuse  and it saddens me because i see more and  more young men in the middle  where you hear from me okay video games  are bad it's an addiction it's bad for  you and then you also hear from the oh  you know but it's okay to play one hour  and if you're in somewhat in the middle  and you're trying to think okay well who  do you follow who do you listen to  because there's so many new creators who  are criticizing me and there's a lot of  comments who criticize me and say i'm  too hard on video games i couldn't  control it i'm a drug you know all the  [ __ ] they want to throw at me he doesn't  know about video games because you can  play them safely  you do realize that the people who are  telling you that video games are okay to  play that you know they're not bad for  you that they can be good for you  they've never quit  a lot of people will tell you that you  shouldn't live with regret a lot of  people will tell you that you shouldn't  dwell on the past and that there's  things that you can't change i have a  lot of videos where i kind of talk about  some of my regrets and things that i did  when i was younger wasting time playing  video games or just you know wasting  time doing dumb stuff like drinking and  drugs and just wasting my youth and my  good years and i get a lot of comments  where people  kind of say like no if it's time enjoyed  it's not time wasted but the truth is  i don't feel that way now as i'm older  and i realized how much of that time was  actually wasted and it wasn't enjoyed  after spending a whole night playing  video games i would just feel sad and  empty and all i had to show for it was  maybe my world of warcraft character  went up a level or i got another level  on my prestige in call of duty and that  is just kind of a shitty feeling and i  regret a lot of that stuff i regret a  lot of that time wasted i think regret  is a great motivator i think if you  have a lot of stuff that you didn't get  done and you feel shitty about you  should dwell on that a little bit you  should just thinking back on my past of  how many hours i played playing world of  warcraft dota 2. it's gotta be over like  a year or two  just me sitting in my pc when i could  have been you know going out making  meaningful relationships or like  friendships a league of legends game  could be like 30 minutes to 50 minutes  if i play like three games that's over  two hours just me sitting there when i  could be studying  reading a book  talking my friends seeing what's going  on with them or just like  doing some stuff for my career or just  make myself look better or clean the  house there's so many more meaningful  tasks besides sitting from a screen all  day and just playing video games my view  on video games gets so many comments and  so many guys asking me why i'm so  aggressive and hostile towards it and  that's where i take the like the mock  the mick out of people who say this i i  only play for one hour at the end of you  know a hard day of work  and so many people have tried to figure  out the reason why i'm so against video  games and a bunch of them have said oh  but he's he's just projecting because  you know hamza wasted a lot of his life  on video games  well yeah  that's exactly why i tell it to you  those jeffries who are telling you video  games can be productive they can be good  for you just don't overdo it like  they've never quit  i literally hear them say or i read them  in their comments they're like oh but  i've played video games for all my life  and i'll never stop playing them just  because hamza tells me not to okay  so you don't even know what you're  talking about then you've never actually  experienced life without quitting  why would you take advice from someone  like that  i used to have a major video game  addiction  i grew up playing video games my entire  life between the ages of 18 and 28  those 10 years  i spent pretty much all my free time  playing video games i used to play video  games all day long and when i mean all  day long i literally mean all day long i  had a job but when i got home from work  the first thing i would do was turn on  my console or my pc and i would play  until it was so late and i would start  counting the hours and doing the math on  if i went to sleep right now how many  hours would i get of sleep before i had  to wake up and go to work and then i  would do that over and over every single  day that time is something that i will  never get back  all those achievements all those video  game accomplishments that i made all  those max level characters that i had on  world of warcraft all the multiple times  that i prestiged on call of duty all  those story lines that i completed and  all those side quests that i did  don't mean jack  right now i don't want to look back and  feel the same regret that i feel now at  almost 40 because i know that when 50  comes around and i look back i want to  be able to say i did everything i could  do to get to where i wanted to be now  from 20 to 28 i was just wasting time i  was just wasting my life i was hurting  my health i was drinking and smoking and  gaming and going out and wasting money  and even though i may have had some  really really fun times half of the  stuff i don't remember because i was  under the influence of something and all  that time i spent gaming i have nothing  to show for it i have some character  in a database somewhere that i don't  play anymore i spent so much time  leveling up that character and not  leveling up myself that now i look back  and i'm just like damn it everyone's  success story in the modern day it's  always the same thing like you you've  seen the same dynamics so many times  young man is a loser  stops playing video games stops being a  loser reaches the success that he wanted  all along you've seen the same story  being told on like every single body  transformation huge video on youtube  which that i used to play video games  all day and girls didn't hold eye  contact with me but then i stopped  playing video games and started lifting  weights and now girls hold eye contact  with me  and you can make all these [ __ ] but  hamza  x plays video games elon musk plays  video games michael jackson play i don't  give a [ __ ] what they do  you are not them  if you've reached this immense level of  success then okay congratulations  but you haven't  you are in the growth stage of your life  you have to understand that every hour  that you have right now is extremely  valuable  the decisions you make right now are so  much more significant than that singular  decision that you make  because you make that one decision to  play video games today instead of  reading a book please believe me i want  you to visualize this right now i want  you to visualize like your life split  like your mind splits in half and what  you can see if you close your eyes on  the right side you're making the  decision to play video games for an hour  and on the left to read a book please  believe me even though you somewhat  think that this decision is  insignificant please believe me it's so  much more significant than you think  because it's not just one hour the truth  is that one hour of reading isn't gonna  do anything one hour exercise isn't  gonna do anything and so you may as well  just [ __ ] play the video games for  this one hour  but it goes deeper than that i would do  anything for you i would kill an entire  school filled with children  if it meant saving you  tempus 2000 is also a game of skill and  dexterity  no cheat books  no anything that's going to help you out  there there's no maps or anything like  that  it's a matter of dexterity  richard wouldn't last and he could never  beat the game tempest 2000. now can i  play these games at this time i could  probably still hang maybe 20 minutes  with kaboom you know  uh i did try tempus 2000 i think i only  got the level 40. it's just that my age  45 you know and stuff like that i can't  i don't have that dexterity anymore i've  lost it you know when i was a kid i was  a lot more quicker you know and stuff  like that  can you beat the mad bomber vegan gains  can you beat the mad bomber huh  can you survive tempest 2000 any gamer  that was from my age is going to always  blow away someone like vegan games he's  just not from our age there  and you want to know how and if he has a  problem with it there  that's fine  you go and find a game of kaboom near  richard  and you do it live if you want or don't  do it live  and if you can last 20 minutes with the  with the mad bomber on kaboom  okay i'll give you some credit if you  can beat tempest 2000  or 3000 i wouldn't do 3 000 3 000  will will turn your mind into mush  because there's so much stuff moving  across the stream but if you can beat  tempest 2000 that's fine but i don't  think you can do it you know why  because you're so used to playing these  multi-universe games there  that when it comes to a game the word  you can't rely on any of that when you  can only rely on your skills and  dexterity  you know  just saying  quote me on that  [Music]  foreign  [Music]